Improve intellisense comment for watchchar event (#83)
nanoframework/System.IO.Ports: README.md

{
    if (e.EventType == SerialData.WatchChar)
    {

>         // We have our special character during the transmission and read was cut short

Reviewer: Read is never interrupted when the watch char is found. It "just" fires the interrupt to signal that it's present in the input buffer, but the reading goes on.

Author: Hopefully made more clear.

{
    if (e.EventType == SerialData.WatchChar)
    {

>         // We have our special character during the transmission and interupt was raised,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // We have our special character during the transmission and an event was raised,
```
Call me picky but in .NET these are events...

>         // A specified character was received during the transmission and a notification event was raised.

Reviewer: was received during the transmission... 🤪 

Why not simply "The char to watch has been received"?
This code is at the event handler, therefore it has been raised. No doubts about it. Why the need to state the obvious?

>         // The rest of the buffer is still being received in the background, so might not be the end of transmission when reading the stream.

Reviewer: There is only "rest of the buffer" if anything is expected after this... so this can be misleading or confusing!

For example I usually use this to detect new lines at the end of AT replies. There's the payload and the watch char at the end. Done! If anything is being received after that it will be another packet.
